i commented this on the agamatsu video under the account https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8hSG36FnIiPidM-otJM1yA but my comment kept getting deleted so i thought I'd post it to (pastebin no workey) github and let it rot until the end of time


I am an exploiter and you asked for how I am reacting:
(if u dont want it to be all one line just paste it in like a notepad or something until I figure out how to made it look like how I want it on github maybe html idk)
I started coding because of Synapse X and exploiting on Roblox is my main motivation to code and is my dream job. Since it has been gone I've been very depressed and now that I know it's never coming back and I might get banned because Synapse X betrayed their community I can't even think. I have worked on Roblox games before and not just exploits and branched out to languages like C and C#. If you go to my channel you'll see really low effort exploit videos from like a year ago, but I am much better now. I have exploited on Deepwoken before and as a programmer I knew how Aztup Hub worked after buying it myself, so I would recreate free versions of Aztup Hub scripts and send them to my friends. When Synapse X was making their update for Byfron 64x bit every game I played I was just like "Man I really want to automate this process". I still inspire to be a programmer, but this news makes me really sad and I don't think I will forget this happening as It's Synapse X that gave me the motivation to start coding. Coding on Roblox Studio is much more dreadful and I've just been waiting for Synapse and I don't even know what describe what is happening in my head right now, so I'm not gonna. Everytime I go in-game and I see something I could do with Synapse X I just asdfafadsfasddfasdfasdfa ya know? And now my question is; what's gonna happen to all the big developers that I'm sure have used exploits to test anti-cheats on their games? I'm sure the developer of meet city or smth has used exploits before and since Synapse X is partnered with Roblox I'm sure they are gonna give so much information to Roblox even tho Roblox already has a ton I'm pretty sure. Roblox has a ton of information on everyone who plays their game they just don't reveal it. From a programmer standpoint running Roblox with Byfron is borderline spyware. Byfron can see a lot of things on your pc, you just don't notice. An easy way to check this that I've found is launch Roblox, launch a game that uses Easy-Anticheat, your Roblox gets closed. Any claims that Roblox makes about "we don't save any information we gather" is most likely a like especially if it's about celebs. Roblox is so big and has so much money that my theory is that they sued Synapse X in secret and the only way to get out of the charges was to partner up with Roblox. The reason why Robloxs updates have been so trash recently is that the updates directed at kids thinking that kids don't care, but they do. Even with those updates Roblox is still one of the biggest "kids game" companies out there like other companies wish they could be Roblox when they're doing 50x the effort. The devs of Synapse X prolly didn't stand a chance against a lawsuit from Roblox (again the lawsuit part is just a theory). I could probably go on for a lot longer about what I hate about Roblox or why Roblox is corrupt and terrible and all that stuff, but this comment is long enough so I'ma leave it at that.
